#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.13
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-nvidia-ai-endpoints
    #   langchain-xai
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.49.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via flask
cohere==5.14.0
    # via langchain-cohere
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via cohere
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via huggingface-hub
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
groq==0.19.0
    # via langchain-groq
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   groq
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain[anthropic,cohere,groq,openai]==0.3.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.3.10
    # via langchain
langchain-cohere==0.4.3
    # via langchain
langchain-community==0.3.19
    # via langchain-cohere
langchain-core==0.3.45
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-nvidia-ai-endpoints
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langchain-xai
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-groq==0.2.5
    # via langchain
langchain-nvidia-ai-endpoints==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.8
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-xai
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via langchain
langchain-xai==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.20
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.3
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.57
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.15
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   transformers
openai==1.66.3
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via langchain-community
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-xai
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
transformers==4.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20241230
    # via langchain-cohere
types-requests==2.32.0.20250306
    # via cohere
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
